Update 2022-10-24-geoserver-2-21-2-released.md (#136)
geoserver/geoserver.github.io: _posts/2022-10-24-geoserver-2-21-2-released.md

This release includes a security enhancement and is a recommended upgrade for production systems.

* [GEOS-10458](https://osgeo-org.atlassian.net/browse/GEOS-10598) XSS vulnerability in the email address field

> * Upgrade of org.apache.commons:commons-text from 1.6 to 1.10.0 to avoid any risk from [CVE-2022-42889](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-599f-7c49-w659). GeoServer is not at risk from the CVE as far as developers can tell, but the underlying library has been updated to be sure.

Reviewer: I would state this slightly more directly:

> Upgrade to org.apache.commons:commons-text 1.10.0 to avoid any risk from [CVE-2022-42889](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-599f-7c49-w659). Although automated tools flagged this dependency GeoServer uses the library for capitalization and is not exposed to *variable interpretation* at issues described.

Author: Sounds good to me

> * Upgrade of org.apache.commons:commons-text from 1.6 to 1.10.0 to avoid any risk from [CVE-2022-42889](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-599f-7c49-w659). GeoServer is not at risk from the CVE as far as developers can tell, but the underlying library has been updated to be sure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrade to org.apache.commons:commons-text 1.10.0 to avoid any risk from [CVE-2022-42889](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-599f-7c49-w659). Although automated tools flagged this dependency GeoServer uses the library for capitalization and is not exposed to variable interpretation risk described.
```
